h1. jquery.stickybox

This plugin is based on Remy Sharp's "Fixed Floating Elements":http://jqueryfordesigners.com/fixed-floating-elements/ snippet. See the index.html file for examples.

h2. Usage

General initialization:

<pre>
$(selector).stickybox(options);
</pre>

You can also dynamically remove the functionality of the plugin by calling the *destroy* method:

<pre>
$(selector).stickybox('destroy');
</pre>


h2. Options

* fixedClass: 'fixed',    //  class applied when window has been scolled passed threshold
* bottomClass: 'bottom',  //  class applied when stickybox element reaches bottom of context container
* context: function(){}   //  unique container (should have position:relative;) returns 'body' by default.
* offset: 0               // if your .fixed style has a top value other than 0, you'll need to set the same value here.
* captured: function(){},       // callback function for when fixedClass is applied
* released: function(){},       // callback function for when fixedClass is removed
* bottomCaptured: function(){}, // callback function for when bottomClass is applied
* bottomReleased: function(){}  // callback function for when bottomClass is removed

Your styles should be associated with the _fixedClass_ and _bottomClass_ classes. The required CSS follows:

<pre>
.fixed    { position: fixed; top: 0; }
.bottom   { position: absolute; top: auto; bottom: 0; }
</pre>

The _context_ option is a function that should return a jquery object. It is passed the relevant stickybox as a parameter. In most instances you'll want to return one of it's closest parents. If you do not specify this option, the _body_ element is used.

<pre>
$('.stickybox').stickybox({
    context: function(elm){
        return elm.parents('.content');
    }
});
</pre>